Add conf option to use hardcoded wireserver ip instead of dhcp req (#3339)
Azure/WALinuxAgent: README.md

The list of extensions which will be excluded from cgroups limits. This should be comma separated. 

#### __Protocol.EndpointDiscovery__

_Type: String_  
_Default: dhcp_

> Determines how the agent will discover the protocol endpoint. Agent will use DHCP by default to discover 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines how the agent will discover the [WireServer endpoint](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/what-is-ip-address-168-63-129-16). Agent will use DHCP by default to discover 
```

> the wire server endpoint, but if this setting is 'hardcoded' the agent will use the known wireserver ip. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the wire server endpoint, but if this setting is 'static' the agent will use the known WireServer address (168.63.129.16). 
```
Or 'known' instead of 'static'

> Possible options are "dhcp" (default) or "hardcoded".

Reviewer 2: since we call dhcp as "dynamic", may be "static" makes sense here?
